as she deceived me I want you out of my
mind
my
show
she
working
along
how about that you must have every inch
of the floor you use there you must need
muscle cell about four and a half miles
okay Lin what did you fire no it's much
easier to make the cell so entertaining
than this dance and I tell you what that
was extremely entertaining you're right
back where you are behave yourselves you
see you right now Bruno first class that
was a ride on the love Express when
you're good you're very very good oh
yeah
don't do the next pit row next week
great I absolutely adored the passo spin
on the whole thing I thought that was a
brilliant idea choreographically
absolutely fantastic
so hard this week oh I wasn't as bad as
that that looks all right I've been a
brat
I mean he's kept me going oh thank you
go with that very clean story telling
Craig you see what very clear story
telling it what it was
okay tell me after right oh well the you
team the beasts have does right back
into the fairytale once again
Windom you get more magic out of three
steps than any other man I know include
me
course not Bru's you can't understand
the terms of long pause there but it was
great to see you back where you belong
because you're selling wonderful
together hero tonight
Craig Revel Horwood 9 Len Goodman 9 and
Bruno Tanya